docs/index.rst, before:

.. platon documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu May 31 00:36:37 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to PLATON's documentation!
==================================
**April 18, 2020: PLATON v5.1 corresponds most closely to the version described
in our second PLATON paper.**

**November 29, 2018: PLATON v3.0 is out!  Please check the release notes on GitHub for the list of new features.  Our paper actually describes v2.1, but v3 has a substantial number of improvements, and we strongly recommend everyone use it.**

**October 1, 2018: PLATON v2.0 is out! Please check the release notes for the list of new features, and upgrade.**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2	      
   :caption: Contents

   intro
   install
   quickstart
   mie_scattering
   eclipse_depths
   visualizer
   questions_and_answers
   source/modules


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Merging all changes in the GPU branch (for some reason I couldn't get automatic merging working)

docs/index.rst, after:

.. platon documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu May 31 00:36:37 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to PLATON's documentation!
==================================
**Oct 30, 2024: PLATON v6.2 is out, with major updates!  This corresponds most closely to the version described in Zhang et al 2024.  Major changes include GPU support, free retrievals, surface emission, higher-resolution (R=20k) and more up-to-date opacities, leave-one-out cross-validation, pymultinest, and much better plotting tools.**

**April 18, 2020: PLATON v5.1 corresponds most closely to the version described
in our second PLATON paper.**

**November 29, 2018: PLATON v3.0 is out!  Please check the release notes on GitHub for the list of new features.  Our paper actually describes v2.1, but v3 has a substantial number of improvements, and we strongly recommend everyone use it.**

**October 1, 2018: PLATON v2.0 is out! Please check the release notes for the list of new features, and upgrade.**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2	      
   :caption: Contents

   intro
   install
   quickstart
   mie_scattering
   eclipse_depths
   surface_emission
   visualizer
   questions_and_answers
   source/modules


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
