docs/questions_and_answers.rst, before:

Questions & Answers
*******************

This document describes niche use cases that the Quick Start does not cover.
For typical usage patterns, consult the files in examples/ and the Quick Start,
in that order.

* **What physics does PLATON take into account?**

  We account for gas absorption, collisional absorption, an opaque
  cloud deck, and scattering with user-specified slope and amplitude
  (or Rayleigh, if not specified).  34 chemical species are included
  in our calculations, namely the ones listed in data/species_info.
  The abundances of these species were calculated using GGchem for a
  grid of metallicity, C/O ratio, temperature, and pressure, assuming
  equilibrium chemistry.  Metallicity ranges from 0.1-1000x solar, C/O
  ratio from 0.2 to 2, temperature from 300 to 3000 K, and pressure
  from 10^-4 to 10^8 Pa.  If you wander outside these limits, PLATON
  will throw a ValueError.
  
* **Why does PLATON not exactly agree with ExoTransmit?**

  We have made many improvements to the ExoTransmit algorithm to enhance the
  accuracy of our transit depth calculations.  Among the most consequential are
  allowing the gravitational acceleration to vary with height, and truncating
  the atmosphere at 10^-4 Pa instead of 0.1 Pa.  Both of these changes tend to
  increase the transit depth.  Precise agreement with
  ExoTransmit should not be expected.

* **How do I use PLATON with ExoTransmit input files? Or: how do I specify
  custom abundances and T/P profiles?**
  
  By example: ::
    
    from platon.abundance_getter import AbundanceGetter
    from platon.transit_depth_calculator import TransitDepthCalculator
    
    _, pressures, temperatures = np.loadtxt("t_p_1200K.dat", skiprows=1, unpack=True)

    # These files are found in examples/custom_abundances.  They are equivalent
    # to the ExoTransmit EOS files, except that COS is renamed to OCS
    abundances = AbundanceGetter.from_file("abund_1Xsolar_cond.dat")

    calculator = TransitDepthCalculator()
    wavelengths, transit_depths = calculator.compute_depths(star_radius, planet_mass, planet_radius, temperature=None, logZ=None, CO_ratio=None, custom_abundances=abundances, custom_T_profile=temperatures, custom_P_profile=pressures)

* **Should I use PLATON with ExoTransmit input files?**

  No.  The recommended usage is much simpler, and is outlined in both the
  examples/ directory and the Quick Start.

* **Which parameters are supported in retrieval?**
  See the documentation for :func:`~platon.retriever.Retriever.get_default_fit_info`.  All arguments to this method are possible fit parameters.  However, we
  recommend not fitting for T_star, as it has a very small effect on the result
  to begin with.  Mp and Rs are usually measured to greater precision than you
  can achieve in a fit, but we recommend fitting them with Gaussian priors to
  take into account the measurement errors.

* **Should I use run_multinest, or run_emcee?**
  
  That depends on whether you like nested sampling or MCMC!  You should try
  both and compare the results.  Nestled sampling is faster and has
  an automatically determined stopping point, so we recommend starting with
  that.
   
* **My corner plots look ugly.  What do I do?**
  
  If you're using nested sampling, increase the number of live points. This
  will increase the number of samples your corner plot is generated from: ::

    # By default, npoints is 100
    result = retriever.run_multinest(bins, depths, errors, fit_info, npoints=1000)
    
  If you're using MCMC, increase nsteps.  However, we should note that the
  default of 10,000 should be enough to generate a good corner plot for almost
  all cases.  In fact, it should be overkill.

* **How do I get statistics from the nestled sampling result?**
  
  The easiest way is to resample and get final samples with equal weights.  You
  can then take the mean, median, 16th and 84th percentiles, and any other
  statistics you normally do: ::

    import nestle
    equal_samples = nestle.resample_equal(result.samples, result.weights)

    # Your first column is not necessarily radii
    radii = equal_samples[:,0]
    print(np.percentile(radii, 16), np.median(radii), np.percentile(radii, 84))
    
* **How do I do check what effect a species has on the transit spectrum?**
  You can tweak the atmospheric abundances and see what happens.  First, get
  baseline abundances: ::

    from platon.abundance_getter import AbundanceGetter
    getter = AbundanceGetter()
    # Solar logZ and C/O ratio. Modify as required.
    abundances = getter.get(0, 0.53)

  You can then modify this at will: ::

    # Zero out CO.  (Note that if CO is a major component, you should probably
    # renormalize the abundances of other species so that they add up to 1.)
    
    abundances["CO"] *= 0

    # Set CH4 abundance to a constant throughout the atmosphere
    abundances["CH4"] *= 0
    abundances["CH4"] += 1e-5

  Then call compute_depths with logZ and CO_ratio set to None: ::

    calculator.compute_depths(star_radius, planet_mass, planet_radius, temperature, logZ=None, CO_ratio=None, custom_abundances=abundances)

* **How do I retrieve individual species abundances?**
  You can't.  While this would be trivial to implement--and you can do so if
  you really need to--it could easily lead to combinations of species
  that are unstable on very short timescales.  We have therefore decided not
  to support retrieving on individual abundances.

Commit message:

Added extra question/answer
Former-commit-id: 0224074607fca71ee51858a8f5d1bc12c601d6ac

docs/questions_and_answers.rst, after:

Questions & Answers
*******************

This document describes niche use cases that the Quick Start does not cover.
For typical usage patterns, consult the files in examples/ and the Quick Start,
in that order.

* **What physics does PLATON take into account?**

  We account for gas absorption, collisional absorption, an opaque
  cloud deck, and scattering with user-specified slope and amplitude
  (or Rayleigh, if not specified).  34 chemical species are included
  in our calculations, namely the ones listed in data/species_info.
  The abundances of these species were calculated using GGchem for a
  grid of metallicity, C/O ratio, temperature, and pressure, assuming
  equilibrium chemistry.  Metallicity ranges from 0.1-1000x solar, C/O
  ratio from 0.2 to 2, temperature from 300 to 3000 K, and pressure
  from 10^-4 to 10^8 Pa.  If you wander outside these limits, PLATON
  will throw a ValueError.
  
* **Why does PLATON not exactly agree with ExoTransmit?**

  We have made many improvements to the ExoTransmit algorithm to enhance the
  accuracy of our transit depth calculations.  Among the most consequential are
  allowing the gravitational acceleration to vary with height, and truncating
  the atmosphere at 10^-4 Pa instead of 0.1 Pa.  Both of these changes tend to
  increase the transit depth.  Precise agreement with
  ExoTransmit should not be expected.

* **How do I use PLATON with ExoTransmit input files? Or: how do I specify
  custom abundances and T/P profiles?**
  
  By example: ::
    
    from platon.abundance_getter import AbundanceGetter
    from platon.transit_depth_calculator import TransitDepthCalculator
    
    _, pressures, temperatures = np.loadtxt("t_p_1200K.dat", skiprows=1, unpack=True)

    # These files are found in examples/custom_abundances.  They are equivalent
    # to the ExoTransmit EOS files, except that COS is renamed to OCS
    abundances = AbundanceGetter.from_file("abund_1Xsolar_cond.dat")

    calculator = TransitDepthCalculator()
    wavelengths, transit_depths = calculator.compute_depths(star_radius, planet_mass, planet_radius, temperature=None, logZ=None, CO_ratio=None, custom_abundances=abundances, custom_T_profile=temperatures, custom_P_profile=pressures)

* **Should I use PLATON with ExoTransmit input files?**

  No.  The recommended usage is much simpler, and is outlined in both the
  examples/ directory and the Quick Start.

* **Which parameters are supported in retrieval?**
  See the documentation for :func:`~platon.retriever.Retriever.get_default_fit_info`.  All arguments to this method are possible fit parameters.  However, we
  recommend not fitting for T_star, as it has a very small effect on the result
  to begin with.  Mp and Rs are usually measured to greater precision than you
  can achieve in a fit, but we recommend fitting them with Gaussian priors to
  take into account the measurement errors.

* **Should I use run_multinest, or run_emcee?**
  
  That depends on whether you like nested sampling or MCMC!  You should try
  both and compare the results.  Nestled sampling is faster and has
  an automatically determined stopping point, so we recommend starting with
  that.
   
* **My corner plots look ugly.  What do I do?**
  
  If you're using nested sampling, increase the number of live points. This
  will increase the number of samples your corner plot is generated from: ::

    # By default, npoints is 100
    result = retriever.run_multinest(bins, depths, errors, fit_info, npoints=1000)
    
  If you're using MCMC, increase nsteps.  However, we should note that the
  default of 10,000 should be enough to generate a good corner plot for almost
  all cases.  In fact, it should be overkill.

* **How do I get statistics from the nestled sampling result?**
  
  The easiest way is to resample and get final samples with equal weights.  You
  can then take the mean, median, 16th and 84th percentiles, and any other
  statistics you normally do: ::

    import nestle
    equal_samples = nestle.resample_equal(result.samples, result.weights)

    # Your first column is not necessarily radii
    radii = equal_samples[:,0]
    print(np.percentile(radii, 16), np.median(radii), np.percentile(radii, 84))
    
* **How do I do check what effect a species has on the transit spectrum?**
  You can tweak the atmospheric abundances and see what happens.  First, get
  baseline abundances: ::

    from platon.abundance_getter import AbundanceGetter
    getter = AbundanceGetter()
    # Solar logZ and C/O ratio. Modify as required.
    abundances = getter.get(0, 0.53)

  You can then modify this at will: ::

    # Zero out CO.  (Note that if CO is a major component, you should probably
    # renormalize the abundances of other species so that they add up to 1.)
    
    abundances["CO"] *= 0

    # Set CH4 abundance to a constant throughout the atmosphere
    abundances["CH4"] *= 0
    abundances["CH4"] += 1e-5

  Then call compute_depths with logZ and CO_ratio set to None: ::

    calculator.compute_depths(star_radius, planet_mass, planet_radius, temperature, logZ=None, CO_ratio=None, custom_abundances=abundances)

* **How do I specify custom abundances in the forward model?**
  See the answer to the above question.  If you want to specify different
  abundances for each temperature/pressure point instead of a constant
  abundance, see the documentation for custom_abundances in :func:`~platon.transit_depth_calculator.TransitDepthCalculator.compute_depths`
    
* **How do I retrieve individual species abundances?**
  You can't.  While this would be trivial to implement--and you can do so if
  you really need to--it could easily lead to combinations of species
  that are unstable on very short timescales.  We have therefore decided not
  to support retrieving on individual abundances.
